What's she got?
They're little princesses all out of luck.
Get away from him, fight him!
Fuck off!
Easy, easy now.
We don't need to talk about that right now,
and we need to focus on getting you rest.
Lauren, where's Lauren?
It's fine.
I took care of him.
He won't be creating any more trouble.
Look, Heather, I just want to ask you one thing.
I thought you were mad.
Joey and I.
I just need to make sure that my contracted lover
is in good shape so she can fulfill her duties.
I can't have you distracted by family drama.
But there's no way you could ever feel the same.
After everything he's done for you,
he's clearly had over heels for you.
No, it's just business to him.
Nothing more.
And let's not forget about Maeve,
his gorgeous ex-girlfriend.
Hold up.
Maeve?
As in Maeve Mitchell?
The lady who runs the fancy rehab center?
So he asked her for help.
They're a match made in heaven.
Now that everything is figured out with Lauren,
I've saved up.
I'm going to study art.
Maybe that will let me get over these ridiculous feelings
for Declan.
Heather?
I just got you an interview with the Top London Art Gallery.
Wow, wow, that's amazing.
I've never seen her do that.
I don't know.
Could she be pregnant?
We're more careful about accepting drinks from ex's baby.
What are you doing?
Yeah, you're gonna?
No, Maeve.
Maeve!
All I need for you to help me.
You've got yourself a deal.
So the baby's about two weeks along.
What's your plan?
Wait, who's a what?
I'm so sad when he saw me.
Is everything okay?
Heather, trying so hard to stay clean.
It's a constant battle.
Hey, I'm here for you.
What can I do?
Can you meet me outside the rehab center?
I could really use my sister's support.
The same time.
I'm on my way.
Well, if it is a little home locker,
then you do it to me.
We'll use U.S. bait to lure Declan here.
Kill him, and then you.
And we'll use it to panic.
Aren't you killing for sure, Daddy?
In order to find your donkey weather.
Lori, please.
What do you want, Maeve?
We have to enter right away.
For danger.
No.
And why should I care?
When Jade told me that Lori and escaped again,
I knew I had to tell you.
Well, thank God you got to me in time.
Now we have a head start on tracking her location.
So what's the plan?
Stupid plan's falling apart.
Come on for this.
No, no, no.
Hey, hey, hey.
Thank you.
Look at me.
You'll be fine.
You're okay.
You're fine.
The baby's fine.
That we've had her ups and downs.
But I don't want to spend another day without you by my side.
Heather Kirk.
Will you marry me?
Dearly Beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the union of Declan and Heather.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
You may now kiss the bride.